It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!" It's the success story of the rookie Pokémon Trainer, ((trainer name)), who set  out on a journey to become the Champion  a year ago!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 1: “Nicknaming is Tough!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, he had thought of nicknames for \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 2: “Strenuous Saving!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, his number of saved games is \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 3: “Pokémon Center,  Pokémon Healer" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, his number of visits to the Pokémon Center is \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 4: “Shop 'til You Drop!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, his total spent is $\xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0002 after this many shopping  trips: \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 5: “TV Pride!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, his number of TV-watching experiences is \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 6: “Catch Pokémon If You Can!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, he had caught \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 7: “Sometimes Ya Gotta Fight!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, he had battled \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  and this many Trainers: \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0002!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 8: “Evolved at Last!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, he had evolved \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 9: “Turn Fishing Line  to Clothesline!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, he had reeled in \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon and lost \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0002 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 10: “The Champion!!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, he had fought in \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 battles and entered the  Hall of Fame this many times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0002!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!" It's the success story of the rookie Pokémon Trainer, ((trainer name)), who set  out on a journey to become the Champion  a year ago!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 1: “Nicknaming is Tough!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, she had thought of nicknames for \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 2: “Strenuous Saving!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, her number of saved games is \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 3: “Pokémon Center,  Pokémon Healer" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, her number of visits to the Pokémon Center is \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 4: “Shop 'til You Drop!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, her total spent is $\xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0002 after this many  shopping trips: \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 5: “TV Pride!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, her number of TV-watching experiences is \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 6: “Catch Pokémon If You Can!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, she had caught \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 7: “Sometimes Ya Gotta Fight!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, she had battled \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  and this many Trainers: \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0002!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 8: “Evolved at Last!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, she had evolved \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 9: “Turn Fishing Line  to Clothesline!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, she had reeled in \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon and lost \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0002 Pokémon!
It's the cartoon “Pokémon Trainer ((trainer name))!"  Episode 10: “The Champion!!" Our story begins...and then things happen... And a year later, she had fought in \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 battles and entered the  Hall of Fame this many times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0002!
The Number One “Bicycle" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, ridden a Bicycle  this many times: \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001! How about it, ((trainer name))? Isn't the breeze you feel when pedaling a Bicycle just the best?
The Number One “Egg" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, hatched this many  Eggs: \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001! How about it, ((trainer name))? Isn't the sight of a Pokémon hatching a fantastic spectacle?
The Number One “Day Care" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, left \xf000Ȉ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon at  the Day Care! How about it, ((trainer name))? Do you have a crush on someone who works at the Day Care? Hmmm?
The Number One “GTS" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, left \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  with the GTS! That's fantastic, ((trainer name))! You are truly a global Trainer!!
The Number One “Mail Writing" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, written Mail this many  times: \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001! That's fantastic, ((trainer name))! The feelings communicated by Mail...  They are wonderful, aren't they?
The Number One “Premier Ball" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, received this many  Premier Balls: \xf000ȅ\x0001\x0001! That's fantastic, ((trainer name))! You're quite the skilled shopper!
The Number One “Stay at Home" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, rested at home this many  times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! That's fantastic, ((trainer name))! After all, there's no place like home.
The Number One “Splash" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, used the move Splash  this many times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! What's up with that, ((trainer name))? Is Splash really that amusing?
The Number One “Struggle" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, used the move Struggle  this many times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! That's amazing, ((trainer name))! That's the never-give-up spirit!
The Number One “Had No Effect" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, used a move that has no  effect on an opponent this many  times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! It can't be helped, ((trainer name))! Pokémon type matchups are difficult!
The Number One “Can't Escape" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, failed to run away this many  times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! It can't be helped, ((trainer name))! That's life!
The Number One “Missed Opportunity" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, had \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon get away! It can't be helped, ((trainer name))! I'm sure you'll see them again someday!
The Number One “Extracting" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, extracted \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  from Fossils! How about it, ((trainer name))? Do you feel the mystery of history?
The Number One “Spin Trade" Trainer! According to our independent research, Nuvema Town's ((trainer name)) has,  amazingly, traded Eggs with Spin Trade  this many times: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! How about it, ((trainer name))? Spin, spin, spin some more, right?
This is the documentary “The Best Day." Today, we will discuss a Trainer named ((trainer name)), who defeated \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  in a single day! This Trainer is definitely concerned only with the search for Pokémon.
This is the documentary “The Best Day." Today, we will discuss a Trainer named ((trainer name)), who caught \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  in a single day! This Trainer is doing nothing but throwing Poké Balls.
This is the documentary “The Best Day." Today, we will discuss a Trainer named ((trainer name)), who defeated this many  Trainers in a single day: \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001! This Trainer definitely thinks battling other Trainers is the most fun ever!
This is the documentary “The Best Day." Today, we will discuss a Trainer named ((trainer name)), who evolved \xf000ȃ\x0001\x0001 Pokémon  in a single day! This Trainer surely loves the moment of evolution.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the  move Quash. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Quash is a fantastically stubborn move that makes the target's move go last. As for how to use it in life... If, for example, someone you are dating  is about to break up with you... Well, you can see how using this move quickly could exhibit dramatic effects! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time...good-bye!
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about  the move Venoshock. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Venoshock covers the target in a special kind of poisonous liquid.  It's a truly spicy move! As for how to use it in life... Sometimes, when you're cooking, your dish just  needs a little extra pinch of something. Well, you can see how using this move quickly could add a dangerous flavor! Announcer: I see. I sure learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye!
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Low Sweep. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Low Sweep is a simple but wild move. It's a swift kick to the lower part of the  target's legs. It can also be handy in everyday life. Just imagine a lady wearing a short  skirt, and she has to kick someone... She can use this move without causing any embarrassment to herself. Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Hone Claws. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Hone Claws is a very clean move where the user's claws are honed and sharpened. Ladies could use this move in everyday life. It's like a super-powered manicure! Announcer: I see. I sure learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Smack Down. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Smack Down is a classic and primitive move where something is thrown at a flying  target to bring it to the ground. There's an effective use for this move in everyday life. For example, suppose you sent air mail to someone, but then you change your mind  and don't want them to read it! You could use this move to knock it down before it gets to them. Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move Psyshock. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Psyshock is a very indirect move where the user attacks with a psychic wave  that takes physical form. It can be used effectively in everyday life, too. For example, sometimes you want to practice comedy routines  by yourself, right? If you time this move right, you can smack yourself around for some  amazing physical comedy! Announcer: I see. I sure learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Echoed Voice. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Echoed Voice is a very rugged move whose power grows when you use it  in successive turns. I bet you can think of ways to use this move in everyday life without my help! You know how sometimes you have to tell your kids the same thing over and over  before they listen? In this situation, parents, teachers, and friends can all use this move and it will  be very effective! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Foul Play. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Foul Play is a move that gets better the more physically strong your  opponent is. It's a little sneaky, but you can use it in everyday life. For example, if you're  terrible at sports, and you're going up  against a big, powerful opponent... Well, it might be considered cheating, but it would get the job done! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Sky Drop. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Sky Drop is a dramatic move where the target is taken high into the sky and  then slammed into the ground. There's an effective use for this move in everyday life: Showing off! You could use this move on yourself, right? If you go fluttering up  into the sky, you'll impress everyone! It's an extremely dramatic performance! Just brace yourself for the landing... Announcer: Oh dear, that sounds dangerous... Ahem. Well, I learned a lot. OK then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Guard Split. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Guard Split is a very balanced move that takes the defensive power of both sides  and divides it up evenly. Here's a practical application. If you and a friend get lost in the mountains,  you could use this move to share your  defenses so you can both withstand  the cold. It's a great way to test the dynamics of a relationship! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Simple Beam. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Simple Beam is a very educational move that changes the target's Ability to  Simple, where stat changes are doubled. Here's how to use it in everyday life... Suppose a meeting at work is dragging on and on. Just use this move quickly on all the participants. If they're all Simple,  they'll start thinking the same way,  the meeting will be over twice as fast! Might not accomplish much, though... Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  After You. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. After You is a move filled with the spirit of give and take, where you allow the  target to attack right after you do. In practical terms, if you see a new dish at a restaurant that you're a little  nervous about, you can use this move  to make someone else taste it first! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Quiver Dance. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Quiver Dance is a beautiful, graceful move that raises the user's Sp. Atk,  Sp. Def, and Speed stats. There's an effective use for this move in everyday life. For example, suppose you  were invited to your friend's birthday,  but you forgot to bring a gift. You could use this move when you arrive at the party, as a distraction...  And then it would make you harder  to hit if your friend got angry! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Chip Away. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Chip Away is a very persistent move that keeps striking and ignores all of  the target's stat changes. In everyday life, this move might be handy for winning an argument with  a really stubborn person! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Reflect Type. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Reflect Type is a very conformist move that makes your type match your  target's type. This works really well if you're spending time with someone and you decide you have  nothing in common. Use this move and...  Voilà! Instant common ground! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the  move Synchronoise. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Synchronoise is an exclusive move that only attacks everything of the same  type as the user. If a person who has the same personality and characteristics as you shows up at  school or work, you could use this move  to distinguish yourself. Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Bestow. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Bestow is a very generous move where you pass an item to the target. There's an effective use for this move in everyday life. Sometimes you receive a gift that will clearly cause trouble, right? You can use this move right away to... No, actually, you'd better wait until the  person who gave you the gift has left! But then you can use the move to pass your unwanted gift off to someone else. Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Magic Room. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Magic Room is a very basic move that causes items to have no effect for a  certain amount of turns. There's an effective use for this move in everyday life. For example, suppose a child is begging you to buy a toy. If you use this move  at the exact moment the child  picks up the toy, it will counter the  “I want this" effect! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Shell Smash. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Shell Smash is a possibly risky move where the user's Speed, Attack, and  Sp. Atk stats increase at the expense  of defensive power. There's an effective use for this move in everyday life. For example, how about when you switch to a new school? This move could be the brand-new start you might need.  It could change your whole life! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
Announcer: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! It's time for “Moves for Living." Today, we will learn about the move  Soak. Our guest expert is Dr. Technic Al'Machine,  a professor at Castelia University. Al'Machine: Hello. I'm Dr. Al'Machine. Well, Soak is a sloshy move that turns the target into a Water type. Wondering how you could possibly use this move in everyday life? What if you spilled a drink during an important occasion? If you use this move  right, it might not matter at all! Announcer: I see... I learned a lot. Well then, everyone, until next time, good-bye.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Contrary! Contrary makes stat changes go topsy-turvy! For example, if a Pokémon with Contrary gets hit by a move that lowers its Speed,  it will have the opposite effect! That's right. Its Speed will increase! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Cursed Body! If a Pokémon with Cursed Body is damaged by a move, sometimes that move can be  disabled so the foe can't use it anymore! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Weak Armor! When a Pokémon with Weak Armor is hit by a physical attack, its Defense will  be lowered, but its Speed will go up! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Moody! During a battle, Moody raises one stat and lowers another at the end of  each turn. Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Analytic! Analytic is great for slower Pokémon. If a Pokémon with Analytic goes last in a  battle, its move's power will be boosted! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Rattled! If a Pokémon with Rattled is hit by a Ghost-, Dark-, or Bug-type move, its  Speed will go up! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Prankster! Prankster gives priority to status moves like Screech! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Sheer Force! A Pokémon with Sheer Force gets a power boost for moves that normally  have additional effects, but the  additional effects won't occur! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Magic Bounce! Magic Bounce works like the move Magic Coat, but it's “on" all the time! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Harvest! If a Pokémon with Harvest eats a Berry during battle, the Berry may regenerate  at the end of the turn! It's like an all-you-can-eat Berry buffet! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Sturdy! One-hit KO attacks don't work on a Pokémon with Sturdy. It hangs on to that  one last HP! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Cloud Nine! Cloud Nine is great for travelers. It prevents effects from weather! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Pickup! A Pokémon with Pickup can get the effect of an item an opponent has  used in battle. It also picks up various items when it is not battling. Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Lightningrod! If a Pokémon with Lightningrod is in battle, any Electric-type move will hit it. And getting hit by an Electric-type move boosts the Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Mold Breaker! A Pokémon with Mold Breaker can completely ignore its opponent's Ability  when attacking. Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Klutz! Held items have no effect on a Pokémon with Klutz. It could even hold an  Iron Ball without being weighed down! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Anticipation! If the opponent has a supereffective move or a one-hit KO move, Anticipation  will warn you so you can be prepared! Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Dry Skin! Pokémon with Dry Skin just love water, because they recover HP if they get wet. So if they get hit by a Water-type move or go out in the rain, they feel better! Unfortunately, Fire-type moves do extra damage and sunny days hurt, too. Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Download! A Pokémon with Download can take advantage of its opponent's weaknesses. If the opponent's Defense is lower than its Sp. Def, the Pokémon's Attack will  be boosted. If the opponent's Sp. Def is lower than its Defense, the Pokémon's Sp. Atk will  be boosted. Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
It's “The Waving Weaving Walk"-- Wawalk for short! I wonder what kind of Pokémon we'll meet today? Oh, what's this? It's a Pokémon with the  Ability Damp! If a Pokémon with Damp is in battle, moves like Explosion and Selfdestruct  can't be used. Well, it'd sure be nice if I had an Ability like that...  I wonder where I should walk next.
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Eviolite! Watchy Watchog, have you heard of the Eviolite? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Like I'd know!) Lady: Amazing! You know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When you give the Eviolite to a Pokémon that hasn't evolved yet... Its Defense and Sp. Def both rise sharply! Isn't that amazing?!  So, we'll see you later, then! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (What? That was a really short show!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Float Stone! Watchy Watchog, have you heard of the Float Stone? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When you give the Float Stone to a Pokémon, its weight decreases! Let's try giving one to Watchy right now! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Hey! Are you calling me fat?!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Rocky Helmet! Watchy Watchog, have you heard of the Rocky Helmet? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When an attack does physical damage to a Pokémon holding the Rocky Helmet,  the attacker takes damage, too. I'll try it! So I put it on, like so, and... OK, Watchy, hit me with your best shot! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (No fair! You're not a Pokémon!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Air Balloon! Watchy Watchog,  have you heard of the Air Balloon? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! Amazingly, a Pokémon holding the Air Balloon will float up in the air! That means Ground-type moves won't work against it at all! But, the balloon pops if the Pokémon gets hit with an attack, so be careful!  Oh no! I popped it!! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Hey! Nice one, clumsy!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Red Card! Watchy Watchog, have you heard of the Red Card? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When the Pokémon holding the Red Card is attacked, the attacker is thrown out  of the battle. Just so you know, Watchy, I'm holding a Red Card right now! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Hey! I'm not going to attack you!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Ring Target! Watchy Watchog, have you heard of the Ring Target? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! If a Pokémon holds the Ring Target, even attacks that would usually have  no effect will hit it! That reminds me, I have a present for you, Watchy! Your very own Ring Target! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Hey! That's not very nice!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Binding Band! Watchy Watchog,  have you heard of the Binding Band? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! The Binding Band increases the power of binding moves, like Wrap!  Well, that's it for today! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Hey! That's it?!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Absorb Bulb! Watchy Watchog, have you heard of the Absorb Bulb? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When a Pokémon holding an Absorb Bulb is hit by a Water-type  attack, its Sp. Atk stat goes up! But you can only use it once. Here, you can have this used one! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Don't pawn your garbage off on me!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Cell Battery! Watchy Watchog,  have you heard of the Cell Battery? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When a Pokémon holding a Cell Battery is hit by an Electric-type  attack, its Attack stat goes up! But you can only use it once. I already used mine, so I can't give it to you! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (I didn't want it anyway!)
Lady: Hello! It's time for the “What's That?" show,  where we talk about wonderful items! Today we are talking about the Eject Button! Watchy Watchog,  have you heard of the Eject Button? Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Come on! Of course I haven't!) Lady: Amazing! You do know it! OK, well, I'll explain it anyway! When a Pokémon holding an Eject Button is hit by a move, it goes  right back into its Poké Ball! So if you use it right, you don't have to worry about switching during a battle!  I'll use it to make a quick escape! Watchy: Tch tch cha! (Hey! Where do you think you're going?!)
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in January, your sign  is Sawsbuck! You could be described as an honest and serious person! I believe that you would never betray your friends. Try to be a big-hearted person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Sawsbuck sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a White Flute! The humorous tone will put a smile on the faces around you! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in February, your sign  is Simipour! You could be described as a very free-spirited and unique person! You can attract the interest of those around you with your mysterious charm. Try to be a more empathetic person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Simipour sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Have your Pokémon carry Mail! The fun content of the Mail will put smiles on the faces around you! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in March, your sign  is Alomomola! You are very kind and caring, aren't you? Everyone around you is saved by  your love. Try to be a strong and enduring person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for an Alomomola sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a Hard Stone! Everyone around you will understand your kind, reliable aura. Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in April, your sign  is Whimsicott! You could be described as hating to lose and having a strong sense of justice. Everyone around you probably respects your strong character. Try to be a kind and gentle person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Whimsicott sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a Hyper Potion! Everyone around you will appreciate your generous kindness. Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in May, your sign  is Bouffalant! You are a very calm and relaxed person! Everyone feels at peace when they're around you. Try to be a little more assertive, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Bouffalant sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry an X Attack! Everyone around you will be surprised when you aggressively attack. Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in June, your sign  is Klink! You are a very curious and fun person! Everyone is impressed by your knowledge. Try to be a strong and enduring person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky tip for a Klink sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Use a slow Pokémon! You'll overwhelm everyone with a well-thought-out attack! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in July, your sign  is Crustle! You are very intuitive and smart! Your businesslike mood makes the entire room feel sharp. Try to be a better listener, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Crustle sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a Dowsing MCHN! Everyone around you will be surprised when you find one item after another. Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in August, your sign  is Braviary! You are a hard worker, and you take care of people! Everyone can relax when you're on the job! Try to be a little more restrained, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Braviary sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry Calcium! Raise the Special Attack stat of a reserved Pokémon and everyone will be  in awe of its aggressive attacking style! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in September, your sign  is Gothorita! You are good at reading the room, aren't you? Everyone around you also agrees your judgments are accurate! Try to be a more generous person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Gothorita sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry an Xtransceiver! People will be comforted by you, because you're always concerned about everyone. Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in October, your sign  is Lampent! You have good sense and are a very balanced person! You make evenhanded choices. Try to show an enthusiastic spirit, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Lampent sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a Choice Scarf! It's fashionable, and you will shine as you attack with only one move! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in November, your sign  is Scolipede! You are a fiery person with strong beliefs! No one can imitate the fire you have! Try to have a supple mind, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Scolipede sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a White Herb! Its ability to heal anything and its cleanliness give you a  surprising charm! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Host: It's time for today's “Personality Assessment and Horoscope"! So what's today's star sign? Dr. Astropoff, if you please! Astropoff: If you were born in December, your sign  is Fraxure! You work hard at everything and can do anything! People around you respect your abilities. Try to be a polite person, and all will be well! Host: What's the lucky item for a Fraxure sign? Astropoff: Weeell... Carry a Poké Ball! The sight of you daringly closing in on a Poké Ball capture is sure to change  the impression people have of you! Host: Thank you very much! See you next time!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Cafélover! Thank yooou! “Recently, I saw Striaton Gym's three Gym Leaders, and they were all out of  order! Like, Chili was Cilan, and  Cilan was Cress!" Hmmm. Well, I'm not saying you're crazy, but...are you sure they weren't just  standing in front of a mirror? “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Bonadventure! Thank yooou! “I saw it... Lenora, in the middle of the night...talking to bones in the museum!  I also heard a man's guttural  laugh... It was scary!" I see. Very horrific. But, I'll bet it was just her husband, Hawes. He has a weird laugh... “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Compoundeyes Wrestler! Thank yooou! “When I went to meet Burgh. It was like he had been licking the  honeycomb walls!  That guy likes to eat!" Now that is a surprise... But, I wonder if he was just admiring his own face  reflected on those walls...  That's also weird though... “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Shocking Supermodel... Hmmm, that sounds like a Gym Leader I know. Well, let's see... “The Gym Leader Elesa said that Nimbasa's Pokémon can dance  a nimble bossa! Nobody laughed, but I thought it was really funny! What do you think?" Hmmm... It really seems like Elesa needs to come up with a sneakier pen name.  Well, whatever! “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Veildrifter. Thank yooou! “You know how Gym Leader Clay never takes off his hat? Well, the other day I  finally saw him take it off... And underneath his big hat was a fluffy knit hat! He wears two hats! Weird, huh?" Hmm... That seems like it would be way too warm! Still, I wonder if that isn't just Clay's hair sticking up all funny... “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Pilotcandidate. Thank yooou! “I'm an aspiring Pilot who is a huge fan of Skyla! I couldn't take it anymore, and I peeked into her Gym...and it looked like she was  flying with the propeller on her head! Isn't that amazing?! Maybe she doesn't even need a plane!" Hmm... That is mysterious! Still, I wonder if she was just using the cannons in her Gym to fly... “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name TheFridge. Thank yooou! “Brycen is too cool! He's always acting like Mr. Tough Guy, like he doesn't even  feel the cold...but recently, I heard him  sneeze inside his chilly Gym!" I guess even a super-cool Gym Leader can catch a cold. Feel better soon, Brycen! “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Jingle: Woo hoo! All right! It's “The National Gymquirer"! Page: That's right! We collect the hottest gossip about  Gym Leaders seen around town! Here is today's letter. From someone going by the name Madame Scale. Thank yooou! “I'm from Opelucid City, and I just went home for the first time in a long time. I saw Drayden and Iris counting up a big handful of coins! Isn't that setting a bad example for kids, flaunting your wealth like that?" Hmmm... That's living the high life! But you know, the Opelucid Gym Badge is shiny like a coin... Maybe you saw wrong? “The National Gymquirer"! We eagerly await your letters!
Azusa: KONNICHIWA, yo! Are you overflowing with GENKI? It's time for this week's highly anticipated “KOUKAN TALK!" This is today's phrase: “Your Pokémon is cute!" This is a phrase you want to try out! So, what's the right way to say it? “Kawaii Pokémon da ne!" Ka-wah-ii po-kay-mon da nay! With this you can flatter that person you like! YATTA! Trading Pokémon internationally is sure great! Tee hee! OK, be sure to watch again! MATA KONDO!
Azusa: OSSU, everybody! Are you so GENKI it's causing everyone else trouble? It's time for this week's highly anticipated “KOUKAN TALK!" This is today's phrase: “Where did you come from?" This is handy! You'll want to know where your opponent is from! If you want to say this in Japanese, it's like this! “Doko kara kita no?" Do-ko ka-ra kee-ta no? After that, there's no doubt you'll have fun talking about where you're  from! Yeah! OK, so, MATA NE! Bye-bye!
Azusa: Yoo-hoo, MINNA! Today I'm a little wound up, so let's get this “KOUKAN TALK" started! This week's phrase is this: “What's your favorite Pokémon?" So what will this sound like in Japanese? “Ichiban suki na Pokémon wa?" Ii-chee-ban su-kee nah po-kay-mo-n wah? Then both of you will know about the other's favorite! By the way, my favorite Pokémon is \xf000ā\x0001\x0003! OK, see you later! JA NE! Have a good day! Mwah!
Azusa: Meowdy, MINNA! It's time for “KOUKAN TALK!" Today's one phrase for communication is this: “Where did you find that?" This phrase can be useful whenever you need it! HAI! So this useful phrase goes like this in Japanese! “Sore doko de mitsuketano?" So-re do-ko de mee-tsu-kay-tah no? When I meet Trainers with a cute \xf000ā\x0001\x0003, I ask them  that right away! So with that, MATA ITSUKA AIMASHO! And adios!
Azusa: Hello, MINNA! It's time for “KOUKAN TALK!" This week's phrase is: “Nice meeting you!" Use this when parting with someone you just met! At times like this, I say: “Shiri aete yokatta!"  Shee-ree ah-e-te yo-ka-ta! It's even better when you say this along with a firm handshake! OK, that's it for today! JA NE!
Azusa: OSSU, MINNA! Yesterday, I fell in love with a TOTTEMO KAWAII Pokémon  in the Musical! This is what you say at that time! “I became your fan!" After that, I told it this in Japanese. “Anata no fan ni narimashita!"  Ah-nah-ta no fan nee na-ri-ma-shee-ta! It was cute! So utterly KAWAII! My beloved \xf000ā\x0001\x0003! Your double-flip jump is just too adorable to be legal! On that note, I'm going to the Musical again today! JA NE!
Azusa: HAAAAI! For good kids and even kids that are a little bad...  It's time for “KOUKAN TALK!" Today's phrase is perfect for when two people's thoughts match up, as if  by telepathy! “I was thinking the same thing!" “Chodo onaji koto kangaeteta!"  Choh-do o-na-gee ko-to ka-n-ga-eh-te-ta! When I say this, the conversation always picks up steam, and then it can't stop! For that reason, that's it for today! JA MATA NE!
Azusa: Hello, MINNA! It's time for “KOUKAN TALK!" Another day, another step closer to mastering global communication! ...Recently, on the way back from the Musical, someone said this to me: “Your Pokémon looks different!" “Kawatta Pokémon da ne!"  Ka-wa-tah po-kay-mo-n da ne! I thought it could be a joke, but when I looked at \xf000ā\x0001\x0003...BIKKURI! It was still wearing Props from the Musical! I forgot to take them off!  Oops! That would look strange! HAI! That's it for today! MATA AIMASHOU! See you!
Azusa: Hey, MINA-SAN! It's time for “KOUKAN TALK!" Today, I'll teach you this question to ask when you see a Pokémon that you are  interested in! “Where did you catch that Pokémon?" “Sono Pokémon doko de tsukamaeta no?"  So-no po-kay-mo-n do-koh de  tsu-ka-mah-e-ta no? Then you can go catch one for yourself! OK, that's it for today! MINNA, bye-bye!
Azusa: ...Ne, Toru? Ninniku no nioi suru? Kinou sa, oishii pasuta tabetanda kedo sa,  ninniku ga sugoku  kiiteta no yo ne. Iki wo tometeiru no atashi no sei ja nai yo ne? ...Toru? Nande, kyou wa sonna ni shizuka na no? Sonnani niou? Are... Ee? Nani? What?! No way! We're rolling?! H-hello, MINNA! P-please watch “KOUKAN TALK" again, OK?  SAYONARA!
Toru: Hey, everyone! How ya doin'? Ha ha! Whether you're feeling good or bad, it's time for “KOUKAN TALK!" This week's phrase is: “Check out this Pokémon!" This is like telling someone: Hey, have a look at my Pokémon! It's so cool! Wooo! When you want to say that in Japanese, say this! “Kono Pokémon mite!" Ko-no po-kay-mo-n mee-te! With this, you can show off your Pokémon to each other, right? OK, thanks for watching this week! MATA KONDO!
Toru: Hey hey, is everyone explosively GENKI today?! “KOUKAN TALK" comin' atcha! Today's single phrase for communication is... “Let me see your Pokédex!" Trainers are always interested in another Trainer's Pokédex! This is what you say in that situation! “Pokémon Zukan misete!" Po-kay-mo-n zu-ka-n mee-say-te! Now you can have a person who speaks Japanese show you their  Pokédex! You have that? URAYAMASHII ZE! OK, have a great day! MATA NE! MINNA!
Toru: YA! MINNA! Are you enjoying life? It's time for this week's “KOUKAN TALK!" This week's phrase is for asking your excellent Pokémon rival  something, yeah! “How many Badges have you got?" “Ikutsu bajji motteru?" Ii-ku-tsu ba ji mo te-ru? YEAH! With this, you can see how far your rival has progressed! Through Pokémon, everyone can be friends and rivals! On that note, I'm going to challenge the Gyms and collect more Badges!  MATA NE!
Toru: OSSU, MINNA! Today's “KOUKAN TALK" is a liiittle different than usual! Why? Because today I'm having a fantastic day! So what I'm going to teach you in this fantastic mood is this, KORE! “Are you having a good time?" So you're thinking, I want to talk to that person! But what should I say? OK, my hypothetical, shy young man or woman!  I've got the perfect phrase for you! “Tanoshinderu?" Ta-no-shi-n-de-ru? The perfect conversation starter! Just run with it from here! So that's it for today! See you! MATA NE, MINNA!
Toru: OSSU! Recently, I met an UTSUKUSHII woman at a party! The second I saw her, I thought I'd seen her before somewhere.  But I couldn't remember her name! So, in this situation, I went up to her, and I said this: “Dokoka de atta koto arukke?" Do-ko-ka de a ta ko-to a-ru keh? It means, “Have we met somewhere?" And what do you think she said to me? “What? I work with you every day. You're not serious, right?" IYA! It was an all-prettied-up Azusa! SHIMATAAAA! So, that's it for today's “KOUKAN TALK!" ...I sure hope Azusa will start talking to me again soon!
Toru: KONNICHIWA, MINNA! We're getting back to the basics on today's “KOUKAN TALK!" Today, we will introduce a very basic phrase! “Let's trade!" I almost don't need to explain this phrase! Let's translate it! “Koukan shiyou yo!" Ko-o-ka-n shee-yo-o yo! What is important is to have a glint in your eye, like you're really excited! If you communicate your excitement, I'm sure you can make a good trade! So that's it for today! See you, everyone! JA NE!
Toru: YA, MINNA! In today's “KOUKAN TALK," I'm going to introduce something  that's often said to me. “You're kidding!" There is often a lot of shocking news in my circle of friends. When I said I saw a bright red \xf000ā\x0001\x0003,  this is what they said to me! “Jodan deshou!" Jo-da-n de-sho-o! You're kidding?! I'm serious! I saw a very angry \xf000ā\x0001\x0003, and its face  was bright red!  ...Man, I was scared! So that's all for today! MATA KONDO, everyone!
Toru: MINNA, KONNICHIWA! In today's “KOUKAN TALK," we're going to teach you an aggressive way to proclaim your future victory! “I'm going to win!" “Katsu zo!" Ka-tsu zo! What is important is to emphasize the “zo!" Be aggressive  and show where you stand! For example, saying it through clenched teeth would be really cool. You might not even have to battle! Just declare victory like that, and your  opponent might get scared and run away! So that's it for today! Let's meet again! JA NE!
Toru: KONNICHI-HELLO! It's “KOUKAN TALK," which gives you great tips for talking in Japanese! Today's phrase is this! “What was that about!?" This is something you spout out without thinking when something  unexpected happens! This is how you say it in Japanese! “Nandattendayo!" Na-n-da te-n-da-yo! The point is your expression. If you say this while making an expression that says, “What?" II YO! Well, that's it for today! Please look forward to next week's installment! MATA RAISHU!
Toru: Hello, everyone! In today's “KOUKAN TALK," we will teach you the question to  end all questions! “What's your hobby?" Use it with people you've just met! Use it with people you've known forever! In Japanese, you say this: “Shumi nani?"  Shu-mee nah-nee? That should get the conversation going! Well, that's it for today! Please watch again!  MATA KONDO!
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: A couple of genius musicians who live in an exceptionally high part of Accumula Town! Hello! Why are you living in such a high-up place? Woman: I wanted to live in a house where I could make music without bothering  anyone, but I also wanted to live close  to the city and all its people. Man: Also, I thought it would be nice if our music could ride the wind... Minccino: Chip kwip! Host: ...So that's the word! If you hear beautiful music carried on the breeze, it feels magical, doesn't it? And this concludes our interview from Accumula Town.
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: A talented Pokémon massage therapist who lives in Castelia City! Hello! So what got you interested in Pokémon massage therapy? Woman: At first, I wanted to be a massage therapist for people, but one  day I didn't have any human clients, so  I decided to practice on a Pokémon. It was so happy and so cute afterward! So I decided to switch my practice to  Pokémon massage exclusively. Host: Wow, is that so? That means you can do massage for people too, right?! If you don't mind, my neck has been killing me... ...Oh, well, that's... erk... Maybe you're out of practice...  ow ow OW! OK, that's enough, thanks! That was...ow... our report from Castelia City.
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: This wonderful lady who lives right here in Driftveil City! Hello! You are the lady who is famous for being obsessed with TMs, right? Woman: That's right. Are you familiar with a move called Spite? Host: Um... I've heard of it... Woman: I will not speak to you unless you bring me a Pokémon that knows Spite! Host: Well, I think we can confirm that you're every bit as eccentric  as people say! And that was our report from Driftveil City.
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: A family in Mistralton City that has a special way with Pokémon moves! Hello! Is it true that you can make Pokémon forget and remember moves? Older man: Sure thing! Which move would you like to forget? Host: No, wait! ...Aaaagh! ... ...Huh? I forgot how to broadcast... Girl: And I'll make you remember it again! OK, go! Host: Oh! That's right... And that's our report from  Mistralton City!
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: A woman in Icirrus City who studies the bonds between Trainers and Pokémon! Hello! Now, why are you so interested in the bonds between people and Pokémon? Woman: Don't you feel nice when you see people and Pokémon getting along well? I get to see so much of that in my job. I love it! Host: Is that so? Can you also read how well people are getting along with  each other? Woman: That's right. Take you and me, for example... ...Nope, nothing. Host: And that was our report from Icirrus City.
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: An older man from Opelucid City who loves musicals! Hello! I've heard that you hand out Musical Props every day! Man: Indubitably! ♪ C'est vrai! ♪ Host: Oh dear. There's really no need to sing about it, sir... Man: ♪ Beeee-caaaause ♪ bee-cause ♪... Host: OK, OK, thank you very much! That was our report from  Opelucid City!
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: A little Minccino who lives the slow, relaxed life in Lacunosa Town! Minccino: Gahoohoo! Host: Oh, you're so cute! How can you be so cute?! Minccino: Gahooo. Host: Really? That sounds pretty tough. Minccino: Gahoo...hoo. Host: Oh, you're sooo cute! But I'm sorry... I have to admit I don't  understand a thing you're saying! Well, that was our report from Lacunosa Town! Minccino: Gahoo!
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: The famous fisherman of Village Bridge! Hi there! I've heard you're always looking for other people who love fishing! Famous Fisherman: That's right! I wanna get more people in the Hip Waders! Get 'em to join up and have a good time fishing with me! Host: But don't most people prefer fishing as a solitary sport? Famous Fisherman: Now, that ain't true! Two are better than one!  Four are better than two!  Four are better than four!  Wait, I got confused... Never mind. Hey, lady! How about you join the club? You can be a Hip Wader, too! Host: OK, thank you! Well, that was our report from Village Bridge!
Tralala, tralala... ♪ The most sparkling move used in today's Musical was... A lovely spinning somersault! Yes! I'm sure you wouldn't think Pokémon could do somersaults, but they can! They spin like pinwheels on the stage! It's total freedom! Up, down, left, right... It's like gravity doesn't even matter!  Yeah, yeah, yeah, freedom! Haaarmony! ♪ Daaance! ♪ Muuusical! ♪ Host: And that concludes our live coverage.
Host: Today, on “Eyes on Unova," we will introduce you to: One of the rich and fabulous folks of Undella Town! Hello! Gosh, this is a huuuge manor, isn't it? Man: Wow, that's rich. But you're on the money! Want to check out my collection?  Give me your two cents? Host: Um... Sure! Wow, this is amazing. What kinds of things do you collect? Man: Well, I've got a cash--I mean, a cache--of really rare stuff.  Dough what I mean? Host: Oh, I'm sorry, do you have a cold? But I do know what you mean. Your  collection is lovely, thank you! That's our report from Undella Town!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Pikachu! What is it called in Japanese? No hint is necessary this time, because it's international! OK, panelists, your answers, please? Quil: Oh! It's Electchu! Ill: I know! It's Pikanezumi! Zill: Ah! It's Pikapika! Host: Oh, too bad! The correct answer is Pikachu! Just like in English! As a matter of fact, wherever you go in the world, Pikachu is Pikachu! OK then, see you next week! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Hoothoot! What is it called in Japanese? Here's a big hint! In Japanese, the sound it makes is “hoo"! OK, you three, start from there! Quill: Oh! It's Hoo! Ill: I know! It's Hoohoo! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Hooareyou! Host: Oh, Ill was so close! The correct answer is Hoho! Ho-o ho-o! I'll bet you learned a lot! Well then, see you next week! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Lickitung! What is it called in Japanese? The hint is, its long tongue is called a “bero!" OK, go to work, my energetic three-person team! Quill: Oh, it's Lickitung! Ill: I know! It's Berong! Zill: Oh yeah, it's Berlin! Host: Ooh! Too bad! The correct answer is Beroringa! Be-ro-ri-n-ga! Berori is the sound of licking in Japanese! It's an easy-to-understand name that emphasizes the looong  tongue it is known for! OK, see you later! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Eevee! What is it called in Japanese? OK, you over there! Quill: Oh! It's Eevee! Ill: I know! It's Eve! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Eievui! Host: Oh! I can't believe it! That's correct! The answer is Eievui! Ee-vee! Congratulations! The person with the correct answer wins an Eevee doll! ...Well then, see you next week! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Turtwig! What is it called in Japanese? OK, you three sleepy-looking kids over there! Quill: Is it Turtwig? Ill: Is it Torunae? Zill: Is it Tornado? Host: Oh, sorry. The correct answer is Naetle! “Nae" means seedling in Japanese, and Turtwig has a seedling growing out of  its head! Did you learn something? Well then, see you next week! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Squirtle! What is Squirtle in Japanese?  OK, you over there! Quill: Oh! It's Squirtle! Ill: I know! It's Turzen! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Zenzen! Host: So sorry! The answer is Zenigame! Zeh-nee-ga-me! “Zeni" is an old-fashioned word for money. Squirtle's shells look like old coins, so that's how they got their name!  You can't use them as coins, though. OK, see you next week! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Geodude! OK, what is it called in Japanese? What do you think, you kids who look like you enjoy learning? Quill: Oh! It's Geodude! Ill: I know! It's Geometery! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Geometeric! Host: The correct answer's Ishitsubute! I-shee-tsu-bu-te! “Ishi" means rock, and “tsubute" is like a throwing stone. Don't try to throw a Geodude, though, because you will probably get hurt! OK, see you next week! Farewell!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Wailord! OK, what is it called in Japanese? OK, you three kids there with the confident expressions! Quill: Oh! It's Wailord! Ill: I know! It's Ohwhale! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Ohwell! Host: Oh! That's incorrect! The correct answer is Whaloh!  It's pronounced: ho-e-ru-o-o! “Hoeru" means “wail," and the “oh" at the end means “king." Maybe it's sad and lonely at the top! Has a very noble sound to it, doesn't it? OK, see you next week!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Machop! What is it called in Japanese? The hint is, “riki" means strength in Japanese. OK, you three over there! Your answers please! Quill: Oh! It's Machop! Ill: I know! It's Mabrarian! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Chopchop! Host: Sorry, that's incorrect! The correct answer is Wanriky! Wa-n-ri-kee! “Wan" means “arm," and “riki" means “strength."  It's very easy to understand! Well then, everyone, farewell! Mah-mah-machooo!
Host: Welcome to “PokéQuiz," where we quiz kids who love Pokémon, but don't like  language lessons, on the Japanese names  of Pokémon! Today's Pokémon is Beautifly! What is it called in Japanese?  OK, you three over there! Quill: Oh! It's Beautifly! Ill: I know! It's Flybeauti! Zill: Oh yeah! It's Flyfly! Host: Nope, the correct answer is Agehunt! A-ge-ha-n-to! The “hunt" part makes it sound ferocious for such a pretty Pokémon. OK, see you next week! Farewell!
Narrator: It's time for “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce an energetic little one. The Pokémon of this new Trainer who is running around Route 2 energetically  is the Lillipup called Ran! Its Trainer heads for Route 2 with Ran every day. Ran has never lost a battle there, and it refuses to lose to any Pokémon! It's running around the tall grass with its owner today as well! That was Ran, who is very energetic, but not as much as my li'l Lillipup! On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce another fantastic  Pokémon...who is great, but not  quite as great as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a helpful little one! In a two-story home in Striaton City, the Patrat called Peeps  lives with its Trainer. Its Trainer is also a Pokémon Breeder who is raising many Pokémon! And when its Trainer is really busy, Peeps lends a hand...or a paw! It plays  with all the other Pokémon to give them  some exercise and sometimes even gets  them to settle down for the night. Today, Peeps has started a lively game of tag with some of the other Pokémon its  Trainer is taking care of. They'll sleep well tonight after all that running! That was the Patrat Peeps, who is helpful, but not as much as my Patrat. On the next “Your Pokémon," we will meet another Pokémon who works hard, but  not as hard as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a hard-working little one! In Nacrene City's old warehouses, the Purrloin Meg lives with its Trainer. Meg's Trainer runs a store, and every morning, Meg goes to work with her. At the store, Meg is its Trainer's partner! It sits outside as a mascot and  draws customers into the store. Today, it's even carrying a sign for the store to attract even more customers! That was the Purrloin Meg, who works hard, but not as hard as my Purrloin. On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a little Pokémon with  a lot of fighting spirit, but not as much  as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a little one with a great  fighting spirit! In a Castelia City office building, a Darumaka named Gance is having  a Pokémon battle. Its Trainer is a Clerk ⑭ who works in the building. This company takes Pokémon battles very seriously. In fact, work schedules,  meeting agendas, and other important  matters are all decided by battles! And so its Trainer won't have to work on weekends or do really boring jobs, Gance  does its very best in every battle. The Darumaka Gance is a Pokémon with fighting spirit, but not as much as  my Darumaka! On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that stands out,  but not as much as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a little one that stands out! It's waiting in the wings in the Nimbasa City Musical for its cue to go on stage.  This Minccino is named Julie! Julie and its Trainer have put so much effort into training for the Musical.  They've worked really hard! And for Julie, the goal every day is to be the one that gets the most time  in the spotlight! Julie and its Trainer have a real fire in their hearts when it comes to performing! That was the Minccino Julie, who stands out, just not as much as my Minccino. On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that's really good  at napping, but not as good as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a very relaxed little one! In a small house in Driftveil City, the Cubchoo named Kodie lives  with its Trainer. Kodie's Trainer is a Worker in the Cold Storage. Kodie tags along to work and takes a nap right there in the Cold Storage. Even when it's cold enough that its Trainer's teeth are chattering, Kodie  naps away in perfect comfort! That was Kodie, who's very relaxed, but not as relaxed as my Cubchoo! On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that is patient, but  not as patient as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a very patient little one! In Mistralton City, a Crustle called Amine spends a lot of time at the  Cargo Plane Center. You see, Amine's Trainer is a Pilot! He often flies overseas for work, and Amine  doesn't always know when he will return. So Amine waits at the Cargo Plane Center and watches the sky for its  Trainer's plane. That was the Crustle Amine, which is patient, but not as patient  as my Crustle. On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that is an excellent  judge, but not as good as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a little one with  excellent judgment. In a stone home in Icirrus City, the Swoobat named Amour lives  with its family. When there is an argument in the family, they ask Amour to settle it! Should we go to the mountain or stream? Should dinner be vegetables or Berries? Amour listens to everyone's side and makes a careful judgment. That was the Swoobat Amour, who has excellent judgment skills, but not as  good as my Swoobat's! On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that eats a lot, but  not as much as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a little one that loves to eat! Near the gate of Opelucid City, the Zweilous Chow lives with its Trainer. Both Chow and its Trainer really love to eat! Anything you serve them, they'll  gobble it right up. They even compete  against each other in eating contests. Back when Chow was a Deino, its Trainer could eat faster...but now that Chow has  evolved into a Zweilous, it has an extra  mouth, so that's a big advantage! It's built up quite a winning streak with its two hungry hungry heads. That was the Zweilous, Chow, who eats a lot, but not as much  as my Zweilous. On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that is amazing...  but, of course, not as amazing as mine!
Narrator: It's “Your Pokémon"! On today's “Your Pokémon," we will introduce an amazing little one! Deep in Victory Road, the Throh Heishi is fighting with its Trainer, a Black Belt.  But don't worry, they're just training! The Trainer beat Heishi in a judo match the first time they met. That's how they  became friends. After a long, hard journey, they've finally arrived at Victory Road. Heishi's Trainer wants to become Champion, of course...and Heishi's dream  is to beat the Champion in a judo match! That was the Throh Heishi, who is amazing, but not as amazing  as my Throh. On the next “Your Pokémon," we will introduce a Pokémon that is energetic,  but not as energetic as mine!
... ... ... ...Zzt.
So this is today's recommended item: a darling Poké Doll! Just touch it for a second! Isn't it so soft? That's right! It's made from Unova's finest-grade cotton! It feels like touching a cloud, and it's as light as a feather! And it looks so real! Like it could leap into battle at any second... But relax! If you just put this Poké Doll down, you can escape for sure! This highest-quality Poké Doll is available for only... But wait, there's more! If you call right now, we'll throw in a Potion, too.  And all for just $28,000,000! Operators are standing by!
So this is today's recommended item! At first glance, it looks just like an ordinary, convenient Repel! But take a whiff! Look! Isn't it an elegant fragrance? Just wearing this sophisticated aroma will draw the eyes of Trainers  worldwide straight to you! This is a special floral Repel! And for a limited time, it is available as part of a Max Repel deal for an  unbelievable $3,500,000!  Call NOW!
So this is today's recommended item! At first glance, it looks like nothing more than your handy traveling  companion, the Potion! But just taste it! Such a smooth flavor! That's right! This exquisite Potion was made by Unova's  finest pastry chef. It makes you feel good inside and out! And when you order this amazingly delicious chef's-special Potion, we'll  throw in a fantastic regular Potion, too! All for an amaaazing $3,000,000! Call NOW!
So this is today's recommended item! At first glance it looks like an ordinary Poké Ball! But look! It has a captivating beauty! That's right! This designer Poké Ball was made with exacting detail by a  first-class jeweler! You wouldn't want to catch just any Pokémon in this gorgeous Ball. Besides,  the ornamentation would break off if you  threw it! But just by carrying this around, you will become dramatically  more fashionable! It's quite a statement! This designer Poké Ball made by a top jeweler is available now, in a set with a  regular Poké Ball for catching,  for a mere $20,000,000!  Call NOW!
So this is today's recommended item! At first glance, it looks like an ordinary Escape Rope! But, look closer! Check out this knot! That's right! This rope was expertly knotted by a veteran sailor. Now you won't have to worry about the rope getting tangled up in your bag! No matter how hard you pull, you'll never undo the knot! An Escape Rope tied in an expert knot by a veteran craftsman! For a limited time, you can get it in a set with a regular old Escape Rope  for a fantastic $3,000,000!  Call NOW!
“Unova News": Next, we have an interview with Ms. A, who was stranded on a snowy  mountain for three days before  she was found in a town in the foothills. Ms. A: It was definitely Cubchoo! Just when I was out of strength and about to fall asleep,  I saw it! It was the shadow of something living, and the next day I woke up  in this town in the foothills. The people in this town say I got here by myself, but it was definitely  because of Cubchoo! I'm sure it saved me! “Unova News": This concludes the interview with Ms. A.
“Unova News": Next up, a column in Gear Station is said to have  moved on its own. We have an interview with Mr. B, the only witness. Mr. B: Yup, I done seen it! All of tha sudden I done heard a noise like klink klink klink, and then...  rrrwrrrwrrrwrrrBOOM!  And the column spun right 'round! Then, when I heard that klink-klinkin' again and looked up, something that  looked kinda like a little gear went  a-flyin' away. I'm shore it was that little feller's doin'. It was one of them there Pokey-mon. Shore was. “Unova News": That concludes our interview with Mr. B.
“Unova News": This is so exciting! We're speaking to a woman who actually saw  a living ice-cream cone! Ms. C: I wanted a Casteliacone no matter what, and I came all the way in from the  countryside to get one. Then, I waited in a looong line and finally bought the ice cream. When I was just about to take a nibble, the ice cream moved! It startled me, so I dropped it, and it ran away!  Could that have been a Pokémon? “Unova News": That concludes our interview with Ms. C.
“Unova News": Next up, we have news of a Pokémon that can see the future. Ms. D: I was elegantly strolling along the beach. Then I saw a Pokémon off in the distance. It was looking intently in my direction  for some reason. It just sat there staring, so at first, I thought it was looking at me, but... It suddenly pointed to the ocean and disappeared! I wanted to know what it was pointing at, so I walked toward the ocean... And then! A big boulder fell down from the cliff above! Right where I had just been standing! I'm sure that Pokémon can see the future!  There's no doubt about it! It protected the future of a beautiful lady like me. “Unova News": ...Uh-huh. This concludes the report on Ms. D.